docs(world): add system-hooks to newdocs (#1837)
latticexyz/mud: next-docs/pages/world/system-hooks.mdx

# System hooks

> The [namespace owner](/world/namespaces-access-control#ownership) can [register](https://github.com/latticexyz/mud/blob/main/packages/world/src/modules/core/implementations/WorldRegistrationSystem.sol#L65-L81) hooks that are called before any call to a specific `System`, after such a call, or both before and after the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [namespace owner](/world/namespaces-access-control#ownership) can [register](https://github.com/latticexyz/mud/blob/main/packages/world/src/modules/core/implementations/WorldRegistrationSystem.sol#L65-L81) hooks that are called before and/or after calls to a specific `System`.
```

> 

Reviewer: A code example for registering system hooks would be useful here, but fine to do as a follow up

Author: Added to the Notion doc
